# # User stories, use cases and requirements 
**1. GitHub:** We use GitHub to store our online repository because it's a tool that allows us to collaborate as a team, it's convenient, popular, and free.

+ Repository: A folder is created for the project, which contains all the files and documents about the project and what it is about.

**2. MicrosoftTeams:** Allows collaboration between people from the same team or the development of a specific project, sharing resources and whose main function is constant communication between team members.

+ Teams: We create a channel for our team, where we maintain order in terms of communication and project management. Within the channel, we organize meetings, maintain messages, share files, among other things.
+ Meetings: Every week we have a certain number of meetings of which some are scheduled. It connects to the Outlook calendar, so every time a meeting is scheduled, an email is sent to each participant.
+ Calls: We always make calls by team, although the platform allows us to have an integral communication.
+ Activity: The platform keeps us abreast of scheduled activities and mentions (@participant) that have.

**3. JIRA:** Jira Software is part of a range of products designed to help teams of all kinds to manage the work, with SCRUM methodology.

+ PROJECT: A new project is created in the platform in which all the activities to obtain the product will be carried out.
+ EPICS: Here the total project is divided into the necessary parts to fulfill the project's objective.
+ PRODUCT BACKLOG: All the tasks to be carried out are defined and assigned to different EPICS. The set of tasks (blackogs) is because the epic is very complex and is divided into smaller tasks.
+ SPRINT: Tasks (blackogs) are assigned to a sprint depending on its priority. The sprint gives you a date (minimum one week) to complete all of these tasks.
+ BOARD: When you start a sprint, in this board you can visualize what you will do, what you are doing and what you have already finished. (It works to give pursuit to the team based on what is working)
+ ROUTE SHEET: The steps to follow are shown (you can observe each epic and all the tasks of each epic), what has already been done is shown and it is based on a chronogram, in which time you start and finish.

**4. Survey Heart (here were made the two surveys):** It is an application for Google Play and App Store free, which allows us to work with predetermined templates, to create different types of questionnaires, forms or surveys to create and send a survey:

+ CREATE A SURVEY: You pass the survey before it goes into digital mode.
+ ADD THE QUESTIONS AND PAGES
+ THE DESIGN IS CUSTOMIZED
+ IS PREVIEWED AND YOU CAN SEE THAT EVERYTHING IS
+ LIST SURVEY

**5. WhatsApp:** Is an instant messaging application available on Smartphone

+ TEAM: A group is created in which each member of the team is.
+ PROCESS: Basic doubts are clarified, we talk about the project, we remember the calls made by MicrosoftTeams and we interact directly with each member.

**6. PowerPoint:** Software that allows to make presentations through slides

**7. Canva:** Canva is a graphic design and image composition website.
* Process: Storyboards are created

**RawShorts:** Program that facilitates the simple and fun creation of animated videos.
* Process: The videos are created.

**9. Office:** Set of applications to perform common office tasks.
Process: Creation of word documents and presentation.

**10. Cacoo:** Web-based software to design and draw diagrams.
Process: Digitization of tables and diagrams.


[Back](https://github.com/DanielaLujanTrejo/Methods-of-organization-/blob/Second-delivery/Documentation/1.%20Objectives.md#general-objective
) / [Contents](https://github.com/DanielaLujanTrejo/Methods-of-organization-/tree/Second-delivery#contents-scroll) / [Next](https://github.com/DanielaLujanTrejo/Methods-of-organization-/blob/Second-delivery/Documentation/3.%20User%20Stories%20and%20non-functional%20requirements.md#user-stories-and-requirements)
