
## User stories and requirements 

## User stories
HU_01.**As** customer **I** **want** at the beginning of the video to present the topic **for** to have an introduction to the video.

+ CU1_INTRODUCTION: Display the introduction of the topic. 

  * CU1.1: Display scene title.
  * CU1.2: Display background color.
  * CU1.3: Display key words.
  * CU1.4: Display animations.
  * CU1.5: Listen to background voice introducing the subject and giving explanations.
  * CU1.6: Listen to background music.
  
HU_02.**As** client **I want** the video to present the definition of organization **so** that viewers become familiar with the topic.

+ CU2_DEFINITION: Display the definition of organization.

  * CU2.1: Display the title of the scene.
  * CU2.2: Display background color.
  * CU2.3: Display key words.
  * CU2.4: Display animations.
  * CU2.5: Listen to background voice introducing the subject and giving explanations.
  * CU2.6: Listen to background music.
HU_03.**As** customer **I want** the video to define the importance of the organization **to** make it known to the viewers.

+ CU3_IMPORTANCE: The importance of the organization is displayed. 

  * CU3.1: Display title of the scene.
  * CU3.2: Display background color.
  * CU3.3: Display key words.
  * CU3.4: Display animations.
  * CU3.5: Listen to the background voice introducing the subject and giving explanations.
  * CU3.6: Listen to background music.


HU_04.**As** customer **I want** the video to define the methods of organization **to** be known.

+ CU4_METHODS: Organizational methods are displayed. 

  * CU4.1: Display scene title.
  * CU4.2: Display background color.
  * CU4.3: Display keywords.
  * CU4.4: Display animations.
  * CU4.5: Listen to background voice introducing the subject and giving explanations.
  * CU4.6: Listen to background music.

HU_05.**As** client **I want** the video to present the function of organizational skills **to** raise awareness of organizational skills. 

+ CU5_SKILLS: Display explanation of what organizational skills are.

  * CU5.1: Display title of the scene.
  * CU5.2: Display background color.
  * CU5.3: Display key words.
  * CU5.4: Display animations.
  * CU5.5: Listen to background voice introducing the subject and giving explanations.
  * CU5.6: Listen to background music.
  
+ CU6_SKILL 1: Display first skill.

  * CU6.1: Display scene title.
  * CU6.2: Display background color.
  * CU6.3: Display key words.
  * CU6.4: Display animations.
  * CU6.5: Listen to background voice introducing the subject and giving explanations.
  * CU6.6: Listen to background music.
  
+ CU7_SKILL 2: Display second skill.

  * CU7.1: Display scene title.
  * CU7.2: Display background color.
  * CU7.3: Display key words.
  * CU7.4: Display animations.
  * CU7.5: Listen to background voice introducing the subject and giving explanations.
  * CU7.6: Listen to background music.
  
   + CU8_SKILL 3: Display third.

  * CU8.1: Display scene title.
  * CU8.2: Display background color.
  * CU8.3: Display keywords.
  * CU8.4: Display animations.
  * CU8.5: Listen to background voice introducing the subject and giving explanations.
  * CU8.6: Listen to background music.
  
  + CU9_SKILL 4: Display fourth skill.
  
  * CU9.1: Display scene title.
  * CU9.2: Display background color.
  * CU9.3: Display key words.
  * CU9.4: Display animations.
  * CU9.5: Listen to background voice introducing the subject and giving explanations.
  * CU9.6: Listen to background music.
  
  + CU10_SKILL 5: Display fifth skill.

  * CU10.1: Visualize scene title.
  * CU10.2: Display background color.
  * CU10.3: Display key words.
  * CU10.4: Display animations.
  * CU5105: Listen to background voice introducing the subject and giving explanations.
  * CU10.6: Listen to background music.
  
+ CU6_SKILL 1: Display first skill.

  * CU6.1: Display scene title.
  * CU6.2: Display background color.
  * CU6.3: Display key words.
  * CU6.4: Display animations.
  * CU6.5: Listen to background voice introducing the subject and giving explanations.
  * CU6.6: Listen to background music.
  
+ CU7_SKILL 2: Display second skill.

  * CU7.1: Display scene title.
  * CU7.2: Display background color.
  * CU7.3: Display key words.
  * CU7.4: Display animations.
  * CU7.5: Listen to background voice introducing the subject and giving explanations.
  * CU7.6: Listen to background music.
  
  CU11_SKILL 6: Display sixth skill.

  * CU11.1: Display scene title.
  * CU11.2: Display background color.
  * CU11.3: Display keywords.
  * CU11.4: Display animations.
  * CU11.5: Listen to background voice introducing the subject and giving explanations.
  * CU11.6: Listen to background music.
  
HU_06.**As** customer **I want** a closing **to** conclude the video.

+ CU12_CONCLUSION: Display closing of the video.

  * CU12.1: Display scene title.
  * CU12.2: Display background color.
  * CU12.3: Display keywords.
  * CU12.4: Display animations.
  * CU12.5: Listen to background voice introducing the subject and giving explanations.
  * CU12.6: Listen to background music.

HU_07.**As** customer **I want** the video to be interactive **to** capture the user's attention.

+ CU13_DIRECT: Select to which part of the video you want to direct.

  * CU13.1: Select Organization definition.
  * CU13.2: Select Importance of organization.
  * CU13.3: Select Methods of Organization
  * CU13.4: Select Organizational Skills
  
+ CU14_SELECTION-SKILLS: Select which skill you want to display.

  * CU14.1: Select Predisposition and interruption management.
  * CU14.2: Select Preparation and planning.
  * CU14.3: Select Organizational Skill.
  * CU14.4: Select Delegation Ability.
  * CU14.5: Select Interruption Management.
  * CU14.6: Select Results Orientation.
  * CU14.7: Select Exit Skills.

HU_08.**As** customer **I want** the video to be on the video.eko.com platform **for** viewing from there.

+ CU15_VISUALIZATION: Display video on the video.eko.com platform.

HU_09.**As** client **I want** the video to follow an order of its content in case the user does not choose any option **so** that the video does not get stuck. 

+ CU16__WITHOUT SELECTION: Do not select any option.

HU_10.**As** customer **I want** the video to have functionality resources **to** enhance the interaction with the video.

+ HU_10.1. As a customer I want there to be a full screen option for viewers to choose how to watch the video.

  * CU17_FULL_SCREEN: Set to full screen
  * CU18_NORMAL_SCREEN: Revert to default screen.

+ HU_10.2. As a client I want to have a button to pause and resume the video.

  * CU19_PAUSE: Pause video.
  * CU20_CONTINUE: Resume video

HU_11.**As** customer **I want** to have a quick and direct access method to the video **for** immediate access. 

+ CU21_DIRECT: Have a direct access link

HU_12.**As** client **I want** the video to be playable from different devices **to** view the video from the device of choice.

+ CU22_COMPUTER: Play the video from a computer.
+ CU23_CELULAR: Play the video from a cell phone.
+ CU24_TABLET: Play the video from a Tablet.

## Non-functional requirements.
:x: RNF_01: The product may only be viewed by established users.

:x: RNF_02: The duration of the video should not exceed 3 minutes.

:x: RNF_03: The video must have graphic material according to the information covered in it.

:x: RNF_04: The information in the video should be reduced to the use of keywords to avoid text saturation.

:x: RNF_05: The font size used in the video should be no smaller than 28.

:x: RNF_06: The narrating voice should use formal and technical language avoiding the use of colloquial or ambiguous language .

:x: RNF_07: The video should contain eye-catching fonts.

## Priority method.

### MoSCoW

**Must-Have**
HU_01.**As** client **I want** the video to start with the topic **to** provide an introduction to the video.

HU_02.**As** client **I want** the video to present the definition of organization **for** the viewers to become familiar with the subject matter.

HU_03.**As** client **I want** the video to define the importance of the organization **to** make it known to the viewers.

HU_04.**As** client **I want** the video to define the methods of organization **to** make them known.

HU_05.**As** client **I want** the video to present the function of organizational skills **to** make organizational skills known. 

HU_06.**As** client **I want** a closing to be presented **to** conclude the video.

HU_07.**As** client **I want** the video to be interactive **to** capture the user's attention.

HU_08.**As** client **I want** the video to be on the video.eko.com platform **for** viewing from there.

**Should-Have**
HU_09.**As** client **I want** the video to follow an order of its content in case the user does not choose any option **so** that the video does not get stuck.

HU_10.**As** client **I want** the video to have functionality resources **to** improve the interaction with the video.

**Could-Have**.
HU_11.**As** client **I want** a quick and direct access method to the video **for** immediate access. 

HU_12.**As** customer **I want** the video to be playable from different devices **to** view the video from the device of choice.

## Use case diagrams.
[Use case diagrams 1](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1o7pVUUeRt6WwP3H9n3yZ576A0jS_CQZD/view?usp=sharing)

[Diagrama de caso de uso 2](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1XAIPHswlcUCuZh4sGScIFE_-y7w5cVGn/view?usp=sharing)


[Back](https://github.com/DanielaLujanTrejo/Methods-of-organization-/blob/Final-delivery/Documentation/2.%20Tools%20and%20Methods.md#tools-and-methods) / [Contents](https://github.com/DanielaLujanTrejo/Methods-of-organization-/tree/Final-delivery#methods-of-organization-notebook) / [Next](https://github.com/DanielaLujanTrejo/Methods-of-organization-/blob/Final-delivery/Documentation/4.%20Roles%20and%20work%20processes.md#work-process)
