# Work process

The SCRUM methodology is used for this project. It is a work methodology that ensures that the team involved knows its tasks and deadlines. It is an agile work methodology that aims to deliver value in short periods of time and is based on three pillars: transparency, inspection and adaptation.

## Roles

THE SCRUM METHODOLOGY DEFINES SPECIFIC ROLES (Attached the RESPONSIBILITY of each)

**Product Owner / All the team has part in this role.** Analyze that the correct characteristics enter into the Product Blackog of the product. Assists in the direction of the product and is responsible for maximizing the value of the work. Most relevant actions of a product owner:

+ Define the vision of the project.
+ Help to finalize the choice of the Scrum Master for the project.
+ Identify the stakeholders.
+ Help determine the members of the Scrum team.
+ Create epics and prototypes.
+ Prioritize items on the product's prioritized to-do list (Product Backlog).
+ Define the completion criteria.
+ Help create user stories.
+ Explain the user stories to the Scrum team while creating the task list.
+ Maintain the product's prioritized to-do list
+ Accept/Reject deliverables
+ Represent the users of the product or service with in-depth knowledge of the user community
+ Secure the project's financial resources

**- Scrum Master / Ibis Carrillo.** Must have a Servant Leader attitude for the Scrum team. He is the one who moderates and facilitates the team's interactions as a facilitator and motivator. This role is responsible for ensuring a productive work environment for the team, must protect it from external influences, clear obstacles and ensure that the principles, aspects and processes of the Scrum methodology are met.

**- Scrum Team / José Balam, Ruth Castro, Ángel Ricalde, Daniela Lujan, Ibis Carrillo.** Responsible for development, service or any other result. Consists of a group of people working on the user stories in the sprint to-do list to create the project deliverables. No one, not even the Scrum Master, tells the Scrum Team how to accomplish the sprint objectives. It is a self-managed, multifunctional team with all the necessary skills

**- Stake Holder / Teachers and all that is related to the project** They advise and observe.

## Product Backlogs

List with all the initial user stories of the product to be developed. This is a dynamic list, which will evolve as the product is developed and the project environment changes.

How do we implement it? A list of the initial user stories was made.

## Sprints

The sprint is the heart of Scrum, it is the container of the other milestones of the process. Everything that occurs in an iteration to deliver value is within a sprint. The maximum duration is one month, one week at least. The time is determined based on the level of complexity of each requirement.

How do we implement it? The product owner assigns backlogs (user stories) to a sprint depending on its priority. A date is given to the sprint (dates are based on the times specified by the developers based on the complexity of the backlog, minimum one week and maximum one month) to carry out all those tasks. The development team is responsible for carrying out the tasks in a timely manner.

**1. Sprint Planning:** In this meeting the whole Scrum team defines which tasks will be addressed and what will be the objective of the sprint. How do we implement it? These meetings are held, specifying which tasks will be performed. Ending with an explanation of what will be the result of that sprint. The scrum master documents these meetings in a log.

**2. Deliveries:** In order for the task to be considered as "Delivered", it must be verified along with the established conditions and see that it complies with each one of them, in addition the Product Owner must validate it. How do we implement it? SPECIFIED IN QUALITY CONTROL.

**3. Daily Meeting:** 15 minute meeting, directed by the Scrum Manager, only the team can intervene: What did you do yesterday, what is the work for today, what do you need? The sprint list is updated. How do we implement it? These meetings are held daily. Each member explains what he or she has already done, what is missing and what will be done next. These meetings are documented as logs by the scrum master.

**4. Sprint Review:** The review of the value we are going to deliver to the client is done in this meeting, at the end of each sprint. In it the Product Owner presents what has been developed to the client and the development team shows how it works. The client validates the changes made and also provides feedback on new tasks that the Product Owner will have to add to the Product backlog. How do we implement it? The whole team sees that what has been done reflects value to the project, seeing an advance and is presented in a way that is understandable to the client.

**5. Sprint retrospective:** The retrospective is the last Scrum event and it is the team meeting in which an evaluation is made of how the Scrum methodology was implemented in the last sprint. Tools for the Scrum methodology: How do we implement it? From the platform on which we work, it has the characteristic of a project process based on the agile methodology SCRUM, so it is always implemented when working with it.

## Process Management

Activities are monitored and followed up through DAILY MEETING. In these meetings, each member explains what they have done, what they are missing and what they will do next. Also, it is monitored through the JIRA platform, in which there is a tool called TABLERO, which contains three columns:

   1.TO DO (Those tasks that will have to be done)
  
   2.IN PROGRESS (those tasks that are already being carried out)
  
   3.DONE (Those tasks that have already been completed)
  
At the end of an assignment, the program sends an email to the SCRUM MASTER specifying which task has been completed by the developer. The delays are reflected in the fact that the task to be developed is still in an intermediate state, without seeing progress. The tool reflects the time left for a sprint to be completed, so if the task is still in a state of no progress and the date is soon to be finished, we deduce that there is a problem.

## Quality Control

1.It is proposed that every 2 days before the end of a sprint all the tasks have been completed. By having them already in the JIRA platform, a meeting is scheduled for all members together to review that each task meets the specified requirements. If the whole team accepts that the work is in good shape and meets the objectives, then, that task is ready. If the task does not meet the objectives, it is specified to the developer in charge and it is put in motion for its solution or complements. If all tasks are accepted and meet the objectives, then the sprint is finished.

2.Ruth Castro (Developmet team), is in charge and responsible for verifying that the contents of the tasks have a correct, clear and synthesized wording.

[Back](https://github.com/DanielaLujanTrejo/Methods-of-organization-/blob/main/Documentation/3.%20User%20Stories%20and%20non-functional%20requirements.md#user-stories-and-requirements) / [Contents](https://github.com/DanielaLujanTrejo/Methods-of-organization-/blob/main/README.md#contents-scroll) / [Next](https://github.com/DanielaLujanTrejo/Methods-of-organization-/blob/main/Documentation/5.%20Logbook.md#logbook)
