# Logbook

**13-NOV-2020.** The team meets, details which project will be carried out and specifies its objective and to whom it is addressed. The agreement concludes in a tool that helps to organize university students and proposes to make surveys to know what is needed. On the same day, another meeting is held with Dr. Edgar Cambranes, explaining the project and reaching an agreement that it is a good project to carry out.

  - PENDING: The Scrum Master is assigned to create the repository and is responsible for uploading the explanation of the project, its objective, to whom it is addressed and upload the repository link to the Excel sheet of the MICROSOFT TEAMS group. The developers are assigned to create the surveys, and by having these surveys the whole team is responsible for making them available to as many university students as possible.
16-NOV-2020. The team meets. The points that the first advance should contain are detailed according to the comparison sheet and with respect to the surveys it is agreed that the tool to be implemented would be a video since it is the form that the students prefer when learning something new and based on this the user stories are defined to give a structure to the project. We talked about which platform can be used to manage the project based on the agile methodology SCRUM.

  - PENDING: Investigate project management tools and think about possible user stories that the project will have.

**18-NOV-2020.** The team meets. The user stories are still specified. Agreement is reached to use JIRA as a tool and divide the tasks needed to meet the requirements of the checklist for progress one.

  - PENDING: The scrum master will be in charge of creating the file where the project will be carried out in JIRA. Each member will be responsible for creating an account and will be added as a developer in the file.
**20-NOV-2020.** The team meets. It is agreed that tasks will enter the first sprint, the objective is defined and the start and end date of the first sprint is assigned. The scrum master assigns each task division to a developer within the platform.

  - PENDING: The developers are responsible for completing or advancing their tasks as far as possible.

**22-NOV-2020.** The team meets. Each member explains what they have already done, what is missing and what will be done next. It is agreed that by the 23rd all the tasks of the sprint must be finished.

  - PENDING: The developers are responsible for finishing the tasks.

**23-NOV-2020.** The team meets. The whole team makes a quality control of each task. It is agreed that there are tasks that do not meet all the conditions proposed and those responsible for these tasks aim to finish it in the best way.

  - PENDING: The developers become responsible for fixing tasks that are not in condition.

**24-NOV-2020.** The team meets. It is verified that the tasks already fulfill all their conditions and the sprint one is closed. This day a new checklist is uploaded and it is agreed that we need requirements in our tasks. The product owner is in charge of creating the backlogs (tasks) and divides them to each developer and starts the sprint two (Sprints always have a minimum of one week, but, it is agreed to finish on the 26th, since the date of the first delivery is soon and these are details that can be implemented in two days)

  - PENDING: The developers are responsible for completing their tasks and the scrum master for following up on them.

**25-NOV-2020.** The team meets. The agreement was reached to start uploading the documents to github and the pending tasks are discussed, what is missing and how much progress has been made. And it is agreed to schedule a meeting with the Stake Older to advise the project.

  - PENDING: Each developer is responsible for completing their tasks, writing what will be uploaded to the repository and the scrum master to schedule meeting via slack.
 
 **26-NOV-2020.** Start uploading the content to github. The meeting with the stake holder is held. You solve doubts, errors appear and you reach an agreement to solve them.

  - PENDING: Solve errors, and upload the changes to github.

**27-NOV-2020.** The team meets, a quality control is done by the product owner to verify that the finished tasks meet their objectives and requirements.

  - Pending: The developers are responsible for uploading their tasks to the repository and start creating their slides.

**- 30-OCT-2020.** The team meets. They discuss whether to change the project from a video to an interactive video. The agreement is to investigate some tools to help us develop it. 
    - PENDING: Each member should investigate some tools.

**- 2-NOV-2020.** The team meets. The tools are presented and it is agreed that each member will select two. 
    - PENDING: Test tools.

**- 04-NOV-2020-** Team meets. Each member presents whether or not the tools they tested can be used and why. It is agreed that the video will be interactive and eko studio will be used as a tool. 
    - PENDING: Each member will readjust the user stories.

**- 07-DEC-2020.** The team meets. Each member presents their readjustments and discusses which ones are included and which ones are not. It is agreed that now that we have the stories, the use cases will be missing. 
    - PENDING: Each member will think of possible use cases.

**-09-DEC-2020.** The team meets. Each member presents the different use cases to the team and an agreement is reached on which ones to include and which ones not to include. 
    - PENDING: Each member makes the use case diagrams.

**- 11-DEC-2020.** The team meets. Each member presents the different use case diagrams to the team and from there a general one is made. Angel is in charge of creating the general use cases. 
    - PENDING: Investigate the best way to make the videos.
- The team meets. Each member proposes their ideas on how to make the video and it is agreed to make them animated. 
    - PENDING: Research tools to make animated videos.

**- 16-DEC-2020.** The team meets. Each member proposes an idea and it is agreed to use rawshorts. 
    - PENDING: Read about scrum to initiate sprint and implement it in the best way.

**- DEC-18-2020 ** Start of vacation. Agreement is reached to take a break.

**- 26-DEC-2020.** Discussion of what is already understood about scrum, what will be done for each stage and it is agreed to start sprint 1 on 29-NOV-2020. 
   **- PENDING: Start Sprint 1.**

**THE FOLLOWING LOGS ARE PER SPRINT**.

[Back](https://github.com/DanielaLujanTrejo/Methods-of-organization-/blob/Second-delivery/Documentation/4.%20Roles%20and%20work%20processes.md#work-process) / [Contents](https://github.com/DanielaLujanTrejo/Methods-of-organization-/tree/Second-delivery#contents-scroll) / [Next](https://github.com/DanielaLujanTrejo/Methods-of-organization-/blob/Second-delivery/Documentation/6.%20Study%20data%20and%20research.md#study-data-and-research)

