# Competencies
## How effective is it?

The effectiveness of the technical advice and tools provided will depend on the user, since he will be in charge of using them correctly and without making plots to himself, other factors that can influence the effectiveness are the time it takes to do each task, if it takes more than what is stipulated and that delays other activities, the user could perceive that it does not have a satisfactory result, in those cases, the tasks could be made simpler, or improve the speed of accomplishment of the same ones.

The user should have a strong motivation that drives him to perform those tasks and get organized (regardless of whether those tasks are to his liking or not), so that at the end of the activities, he can get that which he wants, or do that which he likes or some other type of motivation (whether material, practical or emotional).

## Product capacities.

The product from the beginning must give a clear introduction to its objectives as a technique and tool that can be implemented in the user's daily life. The product must give techniques for the management and organization of time and activities of the user, improving their productivity and quality of their activities, which could be:

Techniques of adjustable work cycles for the user (distribution of hours for their activities with breaks).
Tips to avoid procrastinating.
Tips for the correct management and scheduling of upcoming activities.

## Generic and Specific Competencies

**Generic**

It is important that our team has the following skills:

-Teamwork: Each member must know how to work as a team so that the creation of our product is fast, efficient and organized.

-Leadership: Motivate, influence and organize each member of the team to achieve our goals.

-Effective communication: Listen, give opinions and doubts so that each step is clear and always reach agreements.

-Research: Study to know everything about the product: Why, what for, how it works, etc.

-Responsibility: Always deliver on time and form each task, attend meetings and on time.

-Initiative: Always seek to improve the project, with clear ideas and proposals.

-Decision making: Compare possible results for the improvement of the product.

-Problem solving: Always make a bad decision or there is some fault in the product, find a way to solve it quickly so as not to hinder the further process.

-Organization: Delegation of tasks, time and place planning.

-Planning: Decision making process to reach our goal.

-Adaptation: Willingness of the team to learn new things if they are available for the scheduled meetings and are prepared for possible changes.

**Why should our team have them?**

Generic competencies are important in an employee because they allow him/her to successfully carry out his/her profession. Also, if a person has a lot of generic competencies he or she performs better in his or her position and is more motivated, competent employees offer greater benefits to the company, develop a greater commitment to the company, show great loyalty and become almost indispensable.

Each colleague has certain characteristics or competencies that when put together make the team develop this project with a comprehensive and broader vision. Each one has areas of opportunity and is willing to work and improve each one of them in order to enrich our knowledge and focus on the project with the purpose of achieving our goal.


**Specifics**

It is important that our work has the following competencies:

-Editing: Knowing how to edit for the creation of the final product.

-Good diction: That our viewers understand, without delaying the audio or uploading it, about the topic being played.

-Creativity: To give ideas for the creation of the product.

-Design: To have knowledge in design to improve the tool's interface.

-Main idea definition: Provide the basic information giving the most relevant aspects of the product.

-Expose importance of the product: Argue why this tool is functional, why they should use it and how it will benefit them.

-Market research: To have a clear idea of what is needed in the creation of the product and what consumers prefer to have in order to satisfy their needs.

-Definition of the final product: To have a clear idea of which tool will be used for the product.

-Knowledge in Jira (SRUM) and Knowledge in GitHub: For the creation and correct production of the final product, it has as purpose to take a clear and specific control of each step in the creation process.

-Generate product: Once the creation process is finished, we deliver the support tool in optimal conditions.

**Why our team must have them?**

For the definition of an error-free product is essential to learn to use tools that facilitate the work and the distribution of tasks equally among each participant, we seek that each person on the team has skills to manage certain platforms and / or administrative studies and thus streamline the creation of our product free of errors.

[Back](https://github.com/DanielaLujanTrejo/Methods-of-organization-/blob/main/Documentation/6.%20Study%20data%20and%20research.md#study-data-and-research) / [Contents](https://github.com/DanielaLujanTrejo/Methods-of-organization-/blob/main/README.md#contents-scroll) / [Next](https://github.com/DanielaLujanTrejo/Methods-of-organization-/blob/main/Documentation/8.%20Teamwork.md#teamwork)
