# Teamwork
## METRIC. Excel

We have a metric that generates the percentage of individual delivery for the activities performed. This is based on giving a score to each activity and that score is assigned to the person who performed the task, and is recorded in an excel sheet. The sum of the scores of all the tasks equals 100% and the percentage of each person is calculated with the sum of the points of their activities and taking their score from the total points.

Divided into 5 columns (Name, Area, Sub-area, Sub-area Value and Member Value), where the first column presents the names of the members, the 2nd column presents the name of one of the 8 areas of the project, the 3rd column presents the name of one of the individual tasks, the 4th column presents the name of the member. The value in points over 200 of each individual activity and 200pts for each member of the aspect to evaluate "teamwork" of the Matching Sheet, adding 100 of "teamwork" (those marked in blue) and 100 of the individual activities (marked in green) being a total of 200 points (100% of the project. The "Percentage of Member" column has the percentage represented by the individual activities plus "teamwork" over the 200pts that are our 100% of the project. The formula used was '=sum(RangeInitial-RangeFinal*200)' and using the format of the "Percentage" box (which multiplies whatever is inside the box by 100 and adds the "%" symbol at the end, an example of this is: =SUM(D26:D30/200) = 0.195

[Excel](https://drive.google.com/file/d/17_sj2oP0voHFacM_bIQ_VcdIGI5xYTmD/view "Excel")

## Verification of the percentage of contribution.

The individual contributions can be seen on the Jira platform in the roadmap section, where you can choose a specific developer and see the tasks they performed. The tasks that were performed are those that are reflected in the metrics.

[Roadmap](https://metodos-de-organizacion.atlassian.net/jira/software/projects/FIS/boards/2/roadmap "https://metodos-de-organizacion.atlassian.net/jira/software/projects/FIS/boards/2/roadmap")

[Back](https://github.com/DanielaLujanTrejo/Methods-of-organization-/blob/Final-delivery/Documentation/7.%20Competencies.md#competencies) / [Contents](https://github.com/DanielaLujanTrejo/Methods-of-organization-/tree/Final-delivery#methods-of-organization-notebook) 
